Docs - Reorganize With Diataxis (#954)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/_partials/admonitions/_warning_password_storage.md

:::warning

> It is not recommended to store passwords/seeds on host's environment variables or in the source code in a production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never store passwords/seeds on host's environment variables or in the source code in a production
```

> setup. Please make sure you follow our [backup and security](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/backup_security)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setup. Please follow our [backup and security](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/backup_security)
```

recommendations for production use.

> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::warning

It is not recommended to store passwords or seeds on a host's environment variables or in the source code in a production
setup. Please make sure you follow our [backup and security](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/backup_security)
recommendations for production use.

:::
```
